>> Brian Holt: So let's actually
just say console.log(event) just
to take a look at that.
Where is?
So here, I'm just gonna open my
desktop, calc, index.html.
I open my console here.
They put five so
you can see here it's a click event, and
it has just a bunch of stuff on it.
Hold keys, cancel bolt,
like you can, where the mouse is at,
do they hold the control
key when they clicked it?
Other stuff that I just never cared about.
Timestamp, when it actually happened.
All sorts of stuff.
>> Speaker 2: So you have to tell it when
I click call this function, that'll take
in something that I called event but that
event will automatically be that stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
the browser will always give you that.
You can depend on the browser,
it'll always give you that.
So to even drive that for further,
let's take this one out of here and
go back up to button click,
I'm gonna put console.logvalue
>> Brian Holt: And refresh,
so notice that now it's actually giving
me the correct number that I clicked.
including this crazy intercode things.